hey there it's me again today we're on
part four of our Omega walkthrough photo
album number three I know we've been
doing a lot of these lately but I
promise you this is the last photo of
them it's a part 3 today we're after
shiny spy maroc spine arc I don't know
which one but we're gonna wow I miss it
hello stereo bed I think that must have
been a friend or something this thing
around anyway if that gets to be a
disturbance I'm just going to turn off
my phone all right to get to the murky
would switch the spy next are located we
got to go throught 501 that was a very
weird phone call to be at that I don't
even think they were speaking English
I'll never know who it is still who's
they block the number i've been getting
a lot of weird phone calls lately mainly
people trying to sell me stuff but that
i don't think that had anything to do
with it was just some guy going anyway
we're in the murky woods let's look
around were you looking for shiny by
whatever that thing is called I'm not
good with those pronunciations I don't
know how many people who are and i
almost want to I just have something
shiny debt night that was so he's smart
not particularly but I don't know then
go for it Oh
that was you that called me hey are you
kidding Mike's what anyway no luck
finding the shiny yet okay so we know
who need the mystery phone call my
little brother yeah haha I should have
actually expected that anyway let's keep
looking for our shiny no luck yep come
on I'm like gonna scream if that was a
shiny whatever that I ran past um anyway
it's like probably gonna be a lot of
parts to this city wedel that's not what
I want run out shany whatever your name
is spider thingy
really hope there aren't too many other
missions like this I really don't care
for finding Chinese then again I do I
somewhat have a lot of them not many
with my original Trinity and on them
though I've gotten them traded to me by
other people mainly because I to be
honest I probably take horrible offers I
just ran past that really great now
we're gonna have to find another one see
I guess as what happens on a mumble on
here I run past the things they need
haha at least it's not like Starly where
I found every other one except the one I
was looking for I think that's just a
sign and you just slow down and make
clicking but then that takes all day but
I guess we have to make sacrifices from
home mm-hmm come on back over here
that's not the shiny we want
I know you're around we just ran by you
alright still come on come out so I
don't know if any of you subscribe my
channel if you haven't yet you totally
should so he's a good idea through well
when I made this video I had 334 don't
know that number will be when I release
it but who knows haha I don't
hey I'm back I did not find the pokemon
I just now been two hours that red
message is popped up a lot oh I think
you guys get the idea so it won't be
such a big deal I skip the skit one
because I am kind of annoyed right now
so i guess tune in for part 5 I
apologize and goodbye